ping/227 update setup guild for the local database on macOS (#124)
digitalaidseattle/plymouth-housing: docs/setup-guide.md

> - After that you can create the [Tables](../database/Tables/) and the [testdata](../database/testdata/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After that you can bootstrap the database with script in /database/bootstrap_db.ps1/.
```
